( Watch on Kissasia.vip )
San Gou
The Fool
Come back
He killed Tongtong
I'm not The Fool.
Tongtong isn't dead
Then I'd be The Fool.
To see an Immortal and not bow
is a capital offense.
Lao An
I'm getting old
Xiao Wu
I might not outlive you
Qian is Heaven
Open Gate
of Metal
This Divine Blessing of yours
is really something.
Xun is Wind
Startling Gate
Speed
A mortal martial art
Bajiquan
Please enlighten me.
Are you sure
you two, other than Su Yang,
are the strongest?
If my Spiritual Energy hadn't been depleted for years,
leaving me with barely a tenth of my power,
how could I suffer such humiliation?
Even just finding my Immortal Artifact
would let me slaughter you all with ease
This elbow strike can crack metal and stone
But his body's toughness
is even more absurd than metal and stone
How could you even comprehend an Immortal?
Immortal
Is this what you mean?
Kid
Watch closely
This is how a Dharma Form is used
People of the Same Origin
The ancient texts record that
devouring a Celestial Seed from
People of the Same Origin is a shortcut
to grow ever stronger.
Such a rare occurrence
actually happened right here.
Damn it
You care about that child, don't you?
In that case,
I'll take you out first for an appetizer.
Tongtong
Go!
You have a death wish!
Trying to run?
Do you really think This Immortal is a pushover?
Wang Qiusheng
Where is he?
Somebody!
Qiu Ge
Who got hit by mistake?
Don't blame me.
That close? Do you have a death wish?
No wonder they call you Little Madman
Tongtong
Aren't you afraid that thing'll blow up in your mouth?
There's still a layer of syrup, right?
It won't explode.
Also
I'm not called Little Madman
I have a name
My name is Qiu Ge
How's Tongtong?
She's fine
Still unconscious
Better she doesn't see something like this
Insane
This world has truly gone insane
They even dare attack an Immortal
The Fool
Attack!
Haven't you received a Divine Blessing?
Divine Blessing?
What's a Divine Blessing?
A voice will appear deep in your heart
reciting some words
A voice?
Yeah, there is
Say the words out loud
Okay
Didn't memorize it.
I admit you're all strong.
Among mortals,
you're the top of the top.
In my current state,
killing you all
isn't possible.
But I can kill a few before fleeing.
Once I absorb your Dharma Forms
and restore my strength,
then, one by one,
I will slaughter you all.
Fuxi, Yang Jian...
I'm really curious.
If I absorb your Dharma Forms,
just how high
will my limits rise?
San Gou.
Get Tongtong out of here.
How about
you all leave?
I guarantee
he won't walk out of this warehouse.
You planted bombs?
Just tossed a few around.
Barely enough to send this warehouse
flying about ten meters up.
Then you'll die with him.
But blowing up an Immortal...
that's pretty cool.
No way.
If they can't hold him off,
you step in.
It's our only chance to befriend Black Street.
And there's also an Immortal here.
If we can capture him alive,
he'll give us tons of intel.
That way Shanhai City's future
will be much smoother.
But by reputation,
isn't Black Street just a bunch of thugs?
Trust me.
If this world
keeps going down this path,
good and evil
will be impossible to define.
I'm right here.
It's not your turn to rush to your deaths.
Oh no.
Did I come too late?
You've got nerve showing up.
Hello.
I'm the Madman.
You were looking for me?
What just happened?
Did somebody just kick me flying?
Just now?
Just now...
Was that Past in the Wind?
Shanhai City,
Liu Family, Liu Chengfeng.
That's right.
That's the name.
By the way,
do you have the surveillance footage?
The footage from when Shen Hou died.
I want to see it.
I did pull the footage from that moment,
but by the rules,
outsiders can't view it.
However,
this foot...
You dare threaten Mr. Liu?
Yang Jian!
I wasn't finished.
I was saying that I
just want to...
keep living.
No need for that, no need!
You can see it.
The footage is available.
You can see it, you can see it.
Go ahead, go ahead, take a look.
I...
Two battles, two defeats.
How is he the strongest in Shanhai City?
The opponents were stronger.
Keep your voice down.
Right.
Thanks.
What just happened?
Was I just kicked across the room?
Just now...
Just now, you made Su Yang
feel his life was in danger.
That's why he gave it his all.
In truth,
you're no weaker than him.
The two of you
were like two master swordsmen dueling.
Victory is decided in a single instant.
It looked like
you were completely crushed by him.
But in reality,
if he had slipped up in that instant,
the outcome could have gone either way.
Do you understand?
Swordsman.
I see.
So that's how it is.
Hello.
I'm the Madman.
You're looking for me?
Su Yang.
That's right.
You are...
an Immortal.
Naturally.
This Immortal
is Zi Shu.
You killed someone from our Clinic.
According to the rules of our Clinic,
we'll torture you for a week,
and only then let you die.
Hasn't it always been just you and Tongtong at the Clinic?
Since when was there such a rule?
Just now.
And besides,
our Clinic has three people.
Are you talking about
that Fake Shen Hou?
Ignorant, foolish mortal.
How dare you raise a hand against an Immortal.
If you push open that door right now,
perhaps
I'll let you die a quicker death.
Mortal.
Immortal.
Today, I'll do it his way
to finish what he couldn't.
A stick.
I should have one too.
Hand me a stick.
Sorry,
give me a moment.
Guess that last kick didn't hurt enough, huh?
Still haven't learned your lesson.
Why should we be ordered around by him?
You've got a point.
But let's just do as he says.
Yeah, yeah.
If he goes mad, he really will destroy the Immortal Gate.
Another of Shen Hou's Divine Blessing recipients.
Since I devoured his first Soul Fragment,
I can devour his second one too.
You're nothing but nourishment to me.
I'll personally make you push open the Immortal Gate,
then send you on your way.
So annoying.
No!
You can't kill me.
I'm an Immortal.
I'm in Heavenly Court's Celestial Registry.
Killing me would violate Heavenly Law.
This strike
is for Tongtong.
The footage is 487 seconds total.
For the remaining 481,
we'll go back
and take our time with a scalpel.